# **Vulnerability Disclosures**

The OpenSSF Vulnerability Disclosures Working Group seeks to help improve the overall security of the open source software ecosystem by helping mature and advocate well-managed vulnerability reporting and communication. 

## **Objective**

The OpenSSF Vulnerability Disclosures Working Group seeks to help improve the overall security of the open source software ecosystem by helping develop and advocate well-managed vulnerability reporting and communication.  We plan on addressing this challenge through the following actions:

- Documenting and promoting reasonable vulnerability disclosure and coordination practices within the OSS ecosystem for component maintainers and community members by providing documented standards and educational materials.

- Identifying vulnerability disclosure pain points for OSS maintainer, consumers, and security researchers and take steps to address them.

- Facilitate the development and adoption of a standards-based OSS Vulnerability Exchange that uses existing industry formats and allows OSS projects of all sizes to be able to report, share, and learn about vulnerabilities within OSS components.

## **Scope**

- [Unified list of metadata for vulnerability reports and disclosures](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eZpBk2aIup29KcWwN5MAhvkk60EE_DRt2YRtLo8P0zs/edit?usp=sharing)

## **Get Involved**

We communicate on the Vulnerability Disclosure [mailing list](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-wg-vul-disclosures). [Manage your subscriptions to Open SSF mailing lists](https://lists.openssf.org/g/main/subgroups).

## **Meeting Times**

The working group meets every two weeks, on Monday at 4:00 PM GMT / 8:00 AM PT. Currently we are using Zoom for working group meetings. The invite is available on the [OpenSSF Community Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=czYzdm9lZmhwNWk5cGZsdGI1cTY3bmdwZXNAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ).

Contact [Marcin](mailto:marcin.hoppe@auth0.com) if you wish to be added to the invite list.

Meeting agenda is published prior to the meeting in a GitHub issue with the label `meeting`. The issue contains agenda items and logistics details like date, time, Zoom link and a link to meeting notes document.

### **Meeting Notes**

Meeting notes are in [this repository](docs/meeting-notes)

## **Governance**

### **Members**

- **Leader**: [Marcin Hoppe (Auth0 / Node.js Ecosystem Security WG)](https://github.com/MarcinHoppe)
- [Alex Mullans (GitHub)](https://github.com/infin8x)
- [Nico Waisman (GitHub)](https://github.com/nicowaisman)
- [Eva Sarafianou (Auth0)](https://github.com/esarafianou)
- [Crystal Hazen (HackerOne)](https://github.com/crystalhazen)
- [Alex Rice (HackerOne)](https://github.com/rice)
- Eric Brewer (Google)
- Steve Dower (Microsoft/CPython)
- [Hauwa Otori (GitHub)](https://github.com/HauwaOtori)
- Lindsey Glovin (Uber)
- [Sherif Mansour (OWASP)](https://github.com/kerberosmansour)
- [Martijn Russchen (HackerOne)](https://github.com/martijnrusschen)
- [Ben Willis (HackerOne)](https://github.com/bwillis)
- [Reed Loden (HackerOne)](https://github.com/reedloden)
- [Marcus Meissner (SUSE)](https://github.com/msmeissn)
- [Matthew Dressman (Microsoft)](https://github.com/mdressman)
- [Morten Linderud (Arch Linux)](https://github.com/Foxboron)
- [Josh Bressers (Elastic)](https://github.com/joshbressers/)
- [Gilles Gravier (Wipro)](https://github.com/gravax)
- [Jason Keirstead (IBM Security)](https://github.com/JasonKeirstead)
- [Paulo Flabiano Smorigo (Ubuntu/Canonical)](https://github.com/pfsmorigo)
- [Rimas Mocevicius (JFrog security mitigation)](https://github.com/rimusz/)
- [Eduardo Barretto (Ubuntu/Canonical)](https://github.com/dodys)
- [CRob aka Christopher Robinson (Red Hat)](https://https://github.com/RedHatCRob)
- [Nicole Schwartz (GitLab)](https://github.com/nicoleschwartz)
- [Martin Prpiƒç (Red Hat)](https://github.com/mprpic)
- [Rhys Arkins (WhiteSource)](https://github.com/rarkins)
- [Matt Wilson (GitLab)](https://github.com/evi1m0nkey)
- [Art Manion (CERT/CC)](https://github.com/zmanion)
- [Josh Dembling (Intel)](https://github.com/jdemblin)
- [Dan Middleton (Intel)](https://github.com/dcmiddle)

We use the [vulnerability-disclosures-wg](https://github.com/orgs/ossf/teams/vulnerability-disclosures-wg) GitHub team.

The [CHARTER.md](CHARTER.md) outlines the scope and governance of our group activities.
